Jun said: At the place and have its own area, so this is called area, and then Jun said: Jun said: I named this provider practice management... and then Jun said:  Within the provider practice management, there are three capacities, so capacity is often it's just like a different type of a product, but they all belong this domain and we create a three of them... and then Jun said: I give you the overview of 1 by 1... and then Jun said: The most you familiar with is called a provider identification automation, and then, C 20:, and then Oliver said: Umm, and then,  and then Jun said: That's what you guys referenced pot just, you know, don't worry about the naming, right... and then Jun said: So this is what their business problem and then you're the party is what you build on the but the tool and those are, you know the just the different name... and then Jun said:,  and then This is the one you already working on in past a few months and then if you look at it so far they have  features, and then, Oliver said:, and then 1 0,  and then Oliver said: Uh... and then Jun said: Umm... and then Jun said: Yeah... and then Jun said: Umm, and then, Oliver said:, and then , and then 41 :4,  and then Oliver said: 4,  and then He's he does a good job when you give him a task, and then Oliver said: ,   and then So that's thing I I'm only telling you that not to put down. Look at all, and then, Jun said:  :,   and then Jun said: Yeah... and then Jun said: Yeah... and then Jun said: Thank you, and then, Oliver said:, and then , and then 47 :47, and then Oliver said: 47, and then I just don't want you to give him like a big project and expect him to, and then Oliver said: Kind of like work his way through it without specific direction, cause I don't think he's ready for that, and then Oliver said: He's kind of new E yeah, yeah, and then, Jun said:  , and then Jun said: Yeah... and then Jun said: Thank... and then Jun said: Thank you... and then Jun said: No, no, no... and then Jun said: I'm not intended to let Alex start leading a project... and then Jun said: I I know he's probably not there yet... and then Jun said: So eventually he will grow to that level, but I understand he he he we need to find... and then Jun said: I just don't want to right now make decision... and then Jun said: You lead all three... and then Jun said:  and then I think it kind of like too much for you as well, but we'll see if we can find another right leader on that project... and then Jun said: And that itself is big enough... and then Jun said: So you have to focus on all you know... and then Jun said: Ohh, these two things should be already uh, you know for you I feel like... and then Jun said: But if you, after you look at this and you can tell me since you I have, I think I have bandwidth and I can do more... and then Jun said: So that's totally fine... and then Jun said: We can... and then Jun said: We can look into that... and then Jun said:  and then I don't have any... and then Jun said: This isn't sort of like open... and then Jun said: This is a need to build an entire team... and then Jun said: I need to at least to have four or five developer hired and to work on that and even this product, these two product and then we also need to add more people working on it, and then, Oliver said:, and then, 1 second7:0,  and then Oliver said:, and then 1 second, and then Umm, and then, Jun said: :0, and then Jun said: This these people may not, may not or likely unlikely, will have a machine learning AI experience... and then Jun said: They're gonna be a software developers, I'll tell you... and then Jun said: And there may be some of our TDP, or even we hired... and then Jun said: And but again, they're probably not even at that level of Alec or maybe at least the similar level as Alec... and then Jun said: I think those are developers we currently have, but for seniors, uh, I don't have anybody on the is really a senior level of engineer can umm assigned to this project yet which I'm reaching out to the other team and they need to realize some project that got cut and they they can come to this project... and then Jun said: I'll tell you that the update how far staffing so for now and we're still in the planning phase and the better we can get backlog groomed, which means and very thoroughly think through all the backlog what is the requirement and know what is solution and you have high level design and you have a timeline when you can build this and then we can go ahead and execute it... and then Jun said: So that's the priority for us before we go time off.
