Automate - Trigger optimization function
Objective: To automate all the steps involved in gathering the provider files with Member charts/records that needs to be optimized and bookmarked by coordinator.

Source of files 

The Provider files are procured from three different sources.

ECG

C Portal

Providers communication

Use Case : 

As a coordinator, I want to ensure, I have the right provider files with member records to optimize and bookmark. 

﻿

Here is a breakdown of the records and the hours spent in last 1 year. 

The Coordinators have processed 359 records in the past 12 months. Time studies indicate that:

Optimization

30 min per PDF (member record)

10 records per audit

5 hours per provider (indicated below by Medical Record Preparation Complete activity)

Yearly potential time savings

1795 hours

225 days

75 days per Coordinator

 

Bookmarking

1 hour per member record

10 Records per audit

10 hours per provider

Yearly potential time savings

3590 hours

448 days

149 days per Coordinator

﻿

Approach : 

Tool to be able to pick up the Member records to optimize from the common shared folder. 

-- Optimize ? 

Practice Specialists --> Place the services rendered details –> Codes and dates in the Provider folder.

Coordinators will place the Provider specific member records with FLN in a shared folder. 

Note: FLN is a unique identifier for the member record, generated by the Exela tool.

Naming conventions to easily identify. 

Input Folder Name = Provider/ MemberName_FLN

Outout Folder Name  = Provider_Output/Member_FLN

﻿

States & Markets - If possible to output the records specific to state

﻿

Additional info on how the data is gathered to be placed in the shared folder

﻿

Steps to gather the required documents 

The records are maintained on the shared folder.

Practice management shared folder --> Cases by State --> Open --> Records -->Member name

 Coordinator gathers the files to be optimized and bookmarked by following the below steps:

Login to C/Exela portal à Check by date for the FLN’s assigned on those particular dates --> Get FLN --> Go to Doc 360 --> Claims and correspondence --> Input the FLN --> Save with Adobe in ../Open and FLN folder (if it has FLN ) --> Start optimizing

Note: FLN is a unique identifier for the member record, generated by the Exela tool.

Practice Specialists --> Place the services rendered details –> Codes and dates in the Provider folder.

..Practice Management Shared folder --> By State à Group Facility, Individual provider --> Select the provider --> Audit chart selection tool spreadsheet.

Coordinator - Takes the Chart Audit selection tool --> Given by Practice Specialists --> Search for the codes that the Practice Specialists are requesting in the files that are optimized.

Once the Optimization starts à User cannot do anything on the system.

Once the optimization and bookmarking is done --> Practice specialist come in and go through doc to know the progress of each member.

Perform all the pre steps to optimization and trigger the optimization function.

Bookmark Contextualization Objective : Ability to filter bookmarks based on the below: 

Filtering Bookmarks  

Based on the date of bookmarking.  

Based on relevancy of bookmarks - once ML is in place. 


Approach: 

This is to be in line with Audit chart selection tool data. 

﻿Bookmark the searched keywords and append with date or standard format.
Created by Jun Wang on Nov 14, 2023
Objective: Bookmark the searched keywords and append with date or standard format.

﻿

Approach:

Once the keywords are searched, bookmark the pages that has the searched keywords. 

Below are standard set of categories. 

State specific categories also needs to be considered.  Joan - to provide list of state specific categories. 

Treatment plans together.   

Assessments plans together. 

Biopsychosocial notes  

Psychiatric evaluation

﻿Machine Learning : Pattern identification based on the bookmark- keywords.

Objective: Ability to identify patterns based on the bookmarking keywords across the member records and tie them to provider/group and predict the outlier triggers. 

To generate an index/rank for all providers based on their abusive behavior from 100/120 odd features. 

﻿
Generate a report and provide to Coordinators - to help identify the patterns across the providers.

Build a data pipeline - use this in the Audit and Provider identification 

Organize Bookmarks : Based on the categories and the occurrences of keywords gain a structured overview of service names and service codes and help toggle between the pages enabling to correlate the data.


Objective:

Organize Bookmarks : Based on the categories and the occurrences of keywords organize the bookmarked pages into a tree structure to gain a structured overview of service names and service codes. 

Help toggle between the pages enabling to correlate the data. 

Makes it quicker for auditor to investigate the data required for auditing.

Approach: 

Tree Structure – Parent --> Child --> Child 

Code/Name is  Label --> Pages with specific code will be the children

Biopsychosocial & Progress notes :

                 Parent = Name/Code 

                 Child = Dates
				 
				 
Progress notes searching


﻿

Search progress notes based on the keywords by using dates ,service name and/or service codes and append it with date or standard format to bookmark the same. 

Pull by – Dates, Codes and names.

Search by Treatment Plan, ISP 


State specific -records - Format for input 

Format - TBD ?

Dates may vary based on the when the treatment plan was due. – For bookmarking , use the actual date in the treatment plan/Service plan in the first page until you encounter the next treatment plan page , it may be off by few days/month from the reference date mentioned in the Audit chart selection tool.

 
For each section – use the codes and dates. If there is no code – Use Time spent to find the corresponding code 15 mins – 99212 ; 60 mins - 90837 ; 30 mins - 90832 ; 45 mins - 90834 

Doc notes  or Progress Notes - 

Read keywords from Chart Audit Selection spreadsheet.
Created by Jun Wang on Nov 14, 2023
Objective: Ability to read the key words from the Audit chart selection tool. 

Use Case: Audit Chart selection tool corresponds to a provider with the details of the service name/codes/dates rendered to a providers. 

Approach: 

Tool should be able to read the below from the chart selection tool.

Each row is a member record, with details captured against different categories as in the below screenshot. 

The Audit Chart selection tool will be placed in a shared location.

State specific needs to captured. 

Tool to read the spreadsheet and identify the keywords Dates/Codes for individual member row , specific to individual provider. 

﻿FN/LN  Categories  Codes/Names/Missing

Use case #1 – Read Codes/Names columns in each category, if the cells have the data. 

Use Case #2 – Read the contents of the  Missing cell  – 

﻿Search and suggestion (AI/ML)
Created by Jun Wang on Nov 14, 2023
Objective:

ML powered Search – Smart suggestions – System to provide intelligent suggestions for potential codes as Coordinator type in the search bar of the Categories (Parent-->Child --> Child)

Search member records/charts by reading keywords from the Chart Audit selection tool shared by Practice specialist by Dates, service names and/or service codes
Created by Jun Wang on Nov 14, 2023
Objective :  Tool should be able to : 

Search member records/charts based on Chart Audit selection tool shared by Practice specialist by Dates, service names and/or service codes

﻿

﻿

Approach:

Once the data is read from the Audit Chart selection tool

Refer the Audit chart selection tool Screenshot 

Rows corresponds a member - categorized by the services.

 Eg: Psychosocial Assessment |Psych eval| Care Cordination|Initial Treatment Plan
 
 Search the below categories of notes. 

Treatment plans together.   

Assessments plans together. 

Biopsychosocial notes  

Psychiatric eval  

Note : State specific categories also needs to be considered.  Joan - to provide list of state specific categories.

﻿

Use Cases for Search - Refer the Chart Audit selection tool. 

FN/LN  Categories  Codes/Names/Missing

Use case #1 – Search Codes/Names columns in each category, if the cells have the data. 

Use Case #2 – Search the contents of the  Missing cell.

﻿Use Case #3 : Validate the missing content against the Member Chart – if the data marked as missing is present in the member chart. Capture and report. 

This will help the coordinators. 

Report Details - TBD

                   Indicate Y/N

                   Indicate – If something is not found. 

 

Use case #4 – If code/Names can’t be searched. Report it as --> Present in Chart selection tool, But couldn’t be read with tool. 

﻿

Value:

Coordinator doesn't have to go through each page to check if the page is readable or not once the FLN is generated, Instead, can place in the shared folder and tool will pick, if no data is readable. Generate a report - intimating the coordinators that particular record is not readable. 

Currently, the volume of such is 5 in 100 records. Once the original record is updated in the shared folder, run the tool again to ascertain if the data is readable. 
﻿

This saves 1000s of hours for coordinator by eliminating the need to go through each page and validate the readability. 
﻿

Use case #5:﻿

Codes vary depending on the initial Audit /Re-Audit

 Med Notes : The chart may not have med notes, but if it present in the member record, the coordinator looks for the med notes and corresponding dates or codes to bookmark

Match by codes and dates; if there are no codes, match by dates and append the same to bookmarked page.

